Good, we're going to install the
Tempered glass film 65 gao
the installation is important that the
It is very clean unit is the cleaning can
be made with this flannel or if it
very greasy you can use a
clean glass for cleaning
only that is to have to withdraw well until the before
to make the application
for what the film has a vision
perfect
it is important that there are no up
listening in dust because this causes
the film is left with air bubbles
then our cleaning first good after
the cleaning
We are going to get the movie.
I'll position it first on the screen
just to see straight - laced as it is
centering the film for later
remove her protection layer
then that movie program position
She's going to stay with her, she's well centered.
now just go pass the flannel that
the air will automatically go out walking
in perfect its application